In summary, we took a peek under the covers of Spring Security authentication,
at the filters and filter chains that make up the framework.
We looked at how an authentication request is authenticated,
the key components, like the AuthenticationManagers,
Providers, and the UserDetailsService.
Spring Boot,
the default configuration and how it makes
decisions to configure Spring Security.
We also looked at how you can customize it,
how to configure basic, form, and digest authentication.
And we also looked at the vulnerabilities of our
application and digest authentication.
In the next module,
we will look at how Spring Security protects against some of the most common
security threats that your web application might face,
such as cross- site request forgery, click checking,
and more, as well as how to set up HTTPS and HSTS,
HTTP-strict transport security to enforce HTTPS and prevent downgrade
attacks and cookie hijacking in your applications. So I hope you will join me in the next module.